This will be my story about my journey to being a full stack web developer !
- I will be adding notes in here as soon as I make any progress.

31st  May 2022
I was sitting down and was browsing stuffs on Github, I saw an amazing personal website, sadly I do not have that Github link. I will try to find it and attach it later in future. Coming back to the topic, I saw that amazing website and was stunned by it. It was so good and easy to understand, he blended everything so well that even me as a newbie who was visiting his website for the first time was able to understand everything.
Later that day I went to Library and started reading some books related to HTML as I knew basic language that you must know for developing a website is HTML, it is not really a good programming language, probably the worst. I read some pages of that book and could not understand a thing as I have a habit of learning programming language by performing them on laptop and guess what ? Luckily I was carrying my laptop with me, so I pulled out the laptop out of my bag and started to code. Hours passed, I was not able to figure out anything special apart from the basics stuffs, that was not exciting and I was rathered bored. So I started to scroll down videos in Youtube related to full stack web development and came across this. https://youtu.be/ZxKM3DCV2kE I watched like 30 minutes of it and realised that I will need to learn and master the use of tags in HTML if I want to be quite decent in frontend web developer. :/ Till date 8th June 2022 am learning those and figuring out when to use them and when not.
